a girl bought an abandoned island in the
ocean for fifteen thousand dollars and
made something
incredible on it
[Music]
hello friends who among us has not
dreamed of our own island in the
beautiful azir waters
where you can meet sunrises and sunsets
every day
listen to the singing of the birds and
the sound of waves look at the endless
white beaches enjoying the aroma of the
sea air
well of course many will say that such
fantasies are only for the rich
for those who have at least a couple
million dollars in their accounts
but what if i was to tell you that to
become the owner of a private island
you don't need a big fortune on the
contrary the most ordinary housewife can
become a millionaire
having one spot a small island for
almost free
don't believe me then you should
definitely hear this story
australian melito hunter until 2005 was
the most ordinary housewife
who only dealt with household issues and
went shopping from morning until late at
night
and by the way she didn't even think
about creating something with her own
hands back then
but only one case changed everything in
early 2005
molito's husband became unemployed
several months in search of a job did
not lead to a result
and already disappointed the family was
ready for the worst
this continued for some time until the
end of 2005.
molito's husband was invited to work in
cambodia
naturally moving from developed
australia to a not so rich country in
asia
was a real challenge for the family but
since there were no other options
the spouse was forced to agree and of
course his wife went to southeast asia
with him
as melito recalled we were not at all
delighted with this trip
and therefore we agree that we initially
planned to stay in cambodia for a year
and then after saving some money we
would leave for a noisy but
well-developed and
understandable to a civilized person new
york arriving in cambodia
the young couple was confused for some
time all this seemed alien to them
and even a little scary but since we
have already accepted the challenge
it means we need to spend all this time
with benefit said melita later
every weekend the couple traveled and
got to know this country more and more
and to their surprise everything turned
out to be not so bad
incredibly beautiful nature friendly and
helpful people and of course
the beaches that are washed by waters of
the gulf of thailand
so once again going on a weekend to the
southwest of the country
namely to the korang archipelago the
girl's attention was drawn to a small
island called sangsa
but the fact is that a small piece of
land was in a terrible state
deforestation fishing and garbage thrown
ashore
all this created a depressing picture i
remember then
i asked our guide why it was so dirty
here to which i heard the answer that
the island is nobody's business
and no one cares about it he also added
as a joke with a smile on his face that
it is for sale and if you want it you
can buy it for yourself and put things
in order
so the words of the guide who didn't
even think about it twice
became a turning point in the lives of
our couple the very next day
they decided to find out how much the
abandoned island costs and were
surprised by what they heard
local authorities were ready to sell it
for only fifteen thousand dollars
but with one condition the buyer must
put it in order
and that would cost a lot this is how
the family acquired their island in 2005
to bring its natural beauty back
for some time the island remained
untouched but two years later
alito received a loan from the state at
a low interest rate
and work began working on the island by
the way friends
15 years have passed since then and
hunter still lives on the shores of the
gulf of thailand
with her husband and two adopted
children though their quality of life
has changed
has changed for the better the money
received from the state was enough to
restore the island
and in 2008 a private resort was built
on top of it
today a paradise called song sa resort
is a khmer restaurant
bar spa services and of course stunning
and
untouched nature in 2012 the island
received an award from the cambodian
government
as a pioneer in luxury tourism based on
the conservation of natural resources
in cooperation with the cambodian
government and other investors
the island was completely rebuilt in the
same year the resort's style draws
inspiration from cambodian fishing
villages
throughout the koh rang archipelago all
27 villas have indoor
and outdoor showers and a private pool
saving nature is also a major theme on
the private island of sangsa
and guests can visit the resort's life
center to learn about the local
environment
and the work being done to protect it
there are tours available for adults and
children
allowing them to see how coral is grown
get to know the local mangrove forests
or visit some of the projects the resort
started in the local village
where they set up a waste management
system and agricultural
projects the island is only a few
kilometers area-wise
but there are mangrove forests remote
beaches and tropical jungles
and the cost per day of stay on the
island is approximately 900
maybe some will say that it's a lot but
as it shows
there are no problems with attracting
tourists all real estate on the island
is made of natural or recycled materials
wood or stone and in some cases even the
remains of old boats
you will also not be offered coca-cola
hamburgers sausages
and other similar dishes only local and
healthy
in 2014 molito launched a new project in
which a villa on the island can now
not only be rented but also bought
though the price tag is far
from small from 900 000 to 2 million
dollars for a hot
but there were a lot of people willing
to buy it it is also worth noting that
the residents were immediately delighted
with the australian woman's activities
because cambodia has problems with
employment and at the moment
more than 200 residents from other
islands in nearby villages are employees
of the wonderful resort
however this was not what made the girl
a local hero
it was the fact that in addition to
maintaining the resort melito is
actively engaged in charity and very
different kinds of it
melito spends some of the profits on the
education of local children
she builds schools and employs teachers
she also supports environmental and
other initiatives in cambodia
all this made a simple former housewife
a real hero
for a once unfamiliar and foreign
country the resort has received a huge
number of awards
among which there are world famous ones
which are given only to the best
you can get to the little island
paradise by boat from cehanukville
which is located less than 30 kilometers
from the island or by helicopter
from pompen molito herself along with
her husband and children
has lived on the island for more than 15
years and does not want to leave
as the woman says now this is our home
we are accustomed to this place
and want to make it even better we do
not need big money
all we need we already have and that is
fresh air snow white beaches
and crystal clear water and of course
the smiles of residents who
simply idolize melito for all that she
has done for them
it so happened that an absurd
combination of circumstances
difficulties and a lack of work for her
husband made the modest housewife
the queen of a magnificent resort that
is incredibly successful
here is such a story friends which once
again shows all of us
that after the black stripe there should
always be a white one
and everything that happens is for the
best the main thing
is just to consider the prospects how do
you feel about the whole idea of a
resort on an abandoned island
be sure to write your opinion in the
comments i guess that's all for today
like the video and see you soon
you